Building an API PT. 1 - Lesson 4: "Hello World"  Updates (#153)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-2: api-1-setup-read/hello-world-routes.md

Reviewer: Could we add a screenshot after line 275 that shows the error for the broken endpoint in Terminal? We show the error in a browser & Postman, I think it could be helpful for students to also know what to look for in Terminal before running into an error while working.

Author: 🫡

Reviewer: Could we add an info callout under the text and browser screenshot for the broken endpoint (around line 273) to the effect of:

> "If you test in the browser and see a generic error instead of a stack trace, ensure that the Flask app is running in debug mode with `flask run --debug` and try again."

Author: Will do! I will add it after the postman since they will see the difference there first given the order.

For now, let's focus on how we can use a `Blueprint` in our own code, but for future reference, we should consider:

- [Flask's definition of `Blueprint`](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/api/#blueprint-objects)
- [Flask's tutorial on using `Blueprint`](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/tutorial/views/)

> ### Creating a Blueprint in `hell_world_routes.py`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating a Blueprint in `hello_world_routes.py`
```

```python
from flask import Flask
from .routes.hello_world_routes import hello_world_bp

> def create_app(test_config=None):

Reviewer: In the updated hello-books flow we aren't adding the `test_config` until we get to testing in Pt. 6.

```suggestion
def create_app():
```

- Use the Blueprint `hello_world_bp`
- Match the route `"/hello-world"`
- Match the HTTP method `.get()`

> - Give a response `200 OK` with the HTTP body `"Hello, World!"`

Reviewer: Reading this, it seems like it's saying the body type is HTTP rather than HTML. For clarity, we could try something like:
```suggestion
- Send an HTTP response `200 OK` with a response body `"Hello, World!"`
```
or 
```suggestion
- Send a response `200 OK` with the HTML body `"Hello, World!"`
```

<!-- Question Takeaway -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
### !challenge

* type: multiple-choice
* id: c51e0bad-6a27-43d7-acb5-a570c87163d2

> * title: Flask Hello World

Reviewer: We've been moving towards using the name of the lesson for the Check for Understanding titles

```suggestion
* title: Hello World Routes
```

<!-- * points: [1] (optional, the number of points for scoring as a checkpoint) -->

> <!-- * topics: [python, pandas] (Checkpoints only, optional the topics for analyzing points) -->

Reviewer: I recommend removing these commented sections in both questions since we don't use points or topics and don't have plans to in the future.

Author: Okay awesome!

##### !question

Which reponse code will appear there is an `Internal Server Error`?

##### !end-question

##### !options

a| 200
b| 403
c| 500
d| 400

##### !end-options

##### !answer

c|

##### !end-answer

##### !explanation

When an error occurs serverside, a request will recieve a `500 Internal Server Error` response.

##### !end-explanation

### !end-challenge

### !challenge

* type: multiple-choice
* id: be152c53-2f78-40e1-8c6c-9b3f8b086c17

> * title: Flask Hello World

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* title: Hello World Routes
```

<!-- * points: [1] (optional, the number of points for scoring as a checkpoint) -->
<!-- * topics: [python, pandas] (Checkpoints only, optional the topics for analyzing points) -->

##### !question

Which best describes a `Blueprint`?

##### !end-question

##### !options

a| An instance method used to define the type of HTTP method the request will have.

> b| A decorator transforms the function that follows into an endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
b| A decorator which transforms the function that follows into an endpoint.
```

> c| The function will execute whenever a request that matches the decorator is received.

Reviewer: This isn't quite the definition of a Blueprint, but it feels like a little bit of a gotcha since this is what the Blueprint sets our app up to do. Could this option be replaced with something a little further from Blueprint's expected behavior?

Reviewer: That sounds great =]
